docs(readme): add prerequisite and yarn procedure (#60)
scaleway/docs-content: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

   - `product`: the name of the product that corresponds to the documentation page you will edit.

     So in the branch `ext-add-instances`, an external contributor will add information to a documentation page of the Instances product category.

4. All commit names must comply with the [commit naming conventions](#commit-conventions) described below.
5. All PR names must comply with the following naming convention: `docs($PRODUCTNAME): $FIXEXPLANATION BRANCHNAME`.
6. All PRs are reviewed and approved by the Scaleway Product Documentation team before being merged by them.

---

## Use repository locally

You have to clone the project locally to work on it.

### Prerequisite

Work on docs-content assumes that you have knowledge in the following techniques:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- A [Github](https://github.com/signup) personal account
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started) package manager installed
- [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/#GitHub-flavored-markdown) syntax knowledge
- [MDX](https://mdxjs.com/guides/) syntax knowledge

Be sure you have read the present **contributing rules** and **commit conventions**.

> ### Step to install project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Steps to install the project
```

> 1. Copy this code and use it in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the following code and enter it in your terminal:
```

```bash
git clone git@github.com:[your-docs-content-fork]/docs-content.git | bash -s -- cd docs-content && yarn
```

2. Ensure `yarn` has been run, if not run `yarn install`.

> 3. Edit files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Edit files.
```
